Transcript 1: ITC
So do you mind if I record this meeting? Yeah, sure. Okay, thank you. And also let me know if you can see my screen. Okay. You know? Yes, I can see a screen now. Okay, perfect so before scheduling your technical dom I just wanted to discuss a few points with you. I'll go over all the points and if you have any questions or need any clarification, let me know. So the 1st one is the introduction to the company. The 2nd is the journey, training, marketing, and project. 3rd is compensation and benefits. For this, your commitment to the company and the last is, what do you do to be successful? So let's start with introduction. So we are an IT consistency and people developing firm with 25 plus years of experience. And we support our clients into central region, USA, UK, and 2 headquarters are in Atlanta and then, And we specialise in 6 specific technologies, android iOS development. Microsoft ecosystem, a big terror, terror, science, and Amazon web services. And our employee workforce is diverse, spending over 4 continent, North America, Europe, South America, UK, and Asia. So, froggy, there are you, I mean, I mean, there are 3 stages. So the 1st one is the training, then comes to the marketing phase and the last phase of project. So let's talk about their training. So there will be a paid training 6 to 8 weeks training course in London. They are tech, as we will support your technical development on coding. Project management, education for our clients. And for soft skills, training, our archaic coast team will guide you to have the soft skills. necessary to interview secure and maintain a project with our clients. And our training includes like daily assignments to a mixture of theory, replication of real life scenarios. Uh, the crematings to assess your progress. Uh, weekly test with scoring and office hours would be Monday to Friday. 9 AM to 5 PM. Any questions? Uh, no, not so far. Okay. So once you complete your training, there's a marketing phase. So I'll go over how the marketing face looks like. So once you're in a marketing phase, our resume writing team will use your resume. to create a marketing profile, which will better communicate, but you are technically capable of doing post the training. With the intent of obtaining better and more frequent interviews with more reversed and more sort of declines. And you will be personally assign your placement specialist. They will have access to a marketing profile, job boards. Uh, your marketing email and not work, et cetera, which we will create for you. Uh, specifically to manage your interview calendar. Okay, right? Yeah. And the last part #ah part is the project so we will pay your 1st 2 weeks of accommodation for every on-site project. And if it's remote projects, these are complementations are as necessary as you'll be working from home. Okay. And for the remote based project from the client, you must ensure that you're in the UK for the project because our most projects have time sensitive data, including VPNs, uh, prevent access from my base with the UK. For privacy laws, you are required to work from the UK. Okay. Yeah. Um, let's talk about the compensation. So as I mentioned before, training will be paid. Uh, we will pay you 2000 uh, per month uh, during the training. And a marketing phase is on paid, but whenever your placement specialist schedule your interviews with the clients, so let's suppose he's scheduled 3 interviews in a day, uh, during the marketing phase, you'll get paid for those 3 hours. Uh during the marketing. And from marketing to project, it takes like 20 to 30 days. So once you're in the project, so you said it will be as per as you offer letter between 35 to 40 k per an hour. Uh, sorry, can you go through? So the marketing phase, so I understand the training phase. The marketing phase, I'm not sure understand it completely so marketing phase isn't paid. But during the marketing phase, I can get interviews. Yes, well, yeah, we, I mean, yeah, you will be assigned a placement specialist who handles marketing, interview, scheduling, and coordination, everything for you. So their job is to get you, um, as many interviews as they can get. So, I mean, their job is to get your client as soon as possible. Yeah. So whatever they scheduled were interviews with the grant, you'll get paid for it. Gotcha. Any other question? So, the job itself so you can be with any company and it can change. It could be for a decline, yes, but you will be working on our payroll. Gotcha. And. But each client is still like a a specific amount of time I what would want if I'm with another project or is more of this is a project on a project. Okay. In Spanish throughout the project, but the minimum duration, the project is at least like 6 months. And let's suppose if you're working with one client and you're, uh, project duration is ending soon, so we will try to hunt a new plant for you as soon as you turn with the 1st one. Gotcha. And during the project, the salary is how much did you say? If I'm in a new project? Oh, you and the project? So, yeah, the sell bracket that we are offering is between 35 to 40 K. It could be like 35 could be 38 or 40 according to your. Um, I mean, it totally depends on your final interview. Okay, and you're also saying for each of the project, it could be, it would depend on the client itself. So it could be home base or I will have to travel. It all depends according to. Yeah, so it's totally depressing. Like, it could be remote, it could be outside. could be hybrid. But 80% of our projects are based in London. So you'll get 80% of London-based project, but there are like 20% there outside of London. Okay, interesting. So you need to reintegrate or travel. Okay. Uh. So I have on the question, but forgot, but it was #Ah never mind let's continue #oh if I Rust you like #oh yeah, laptop. Why do you wanted to bring my laptop or would the computer? No, no, we will provide you the laptop. Okay. I was going to ask, because because you mentioned security reasons, so I'm like, okay, I think we better if I. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, dope. Yes, and the performance reviews are annual on your anniversary date and high performance have an opportunity to multiply their earnings and accelerate their areas. And we are offering pension plan, a matching contribution up to 3% of your annual income after 90 days of employment with us. Uh, we offer company's MacBook or Windows laptop as well as other uh, benefits. We have a co-working office space located in central London. And if you want to do some certification or education related to your field, we will do the reimbursement as well. Okay, sure. And there are 28 days of holidays, including 8 bank holidays. And 2 year commitment, so you are going to grow so much with us. So we want you to stay for as long as you like, but you are committing to a minimum of 2 years. All right? Okay, minimum. Oh, gosh. And wouldn't that you? Yes, does the paste still stay the same within the 5 and 4K range? #ah after like one year or. Within within that 2 years. Is the paste still? No, no. I mean, after one year completion, you'll get it raised. Okay. You get you'll get the increment as well after one year. Right. Gotcha. Okay. So, yeah, two, go. Okay, so let's talk about the two-year commitment, so we need people, uh, those who are willing to do the two-year contract. So, um, if someone leaves the company before 2 years, there's a penalty amount of 16,400. Right? Any questions regarding penalty? Let me know. No, I think it's pretty clear. Yeah, because I mean, we invest heavily in training and placement before revenue is generated. So the claw exists to protect that investment. It's someone exit early overpoids the agreement. And also no penalty will apply if you are unable to continue due to a medical issue. Right? And there's another argument like, um, so let's suppose you're working with one of your clients, you're not supposed to ask the client to work, client to work with you directly, okay? So if you do so, there is a penalty amount of training. All right. Okay, so. I walk under. It would be working on our payroll. Okay, so we will... So throughout the entire 2 years, I walk under your peril. only. Yeah. We will assign you the project. So you are not supposed to ask the client to work with you directly. Gotcha. So only with a client, I'm not saying, never anyone else. Got you. Yeah. And okay, so let's talk about the orientation. So the expected start date for this role. I mean, we are wrapping up the hiring process soon. So, you say you can join us immediately, right? Yes, but I just checked with my line manager, boy said I have one week notice. To be fair. I don't finish into it. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Sure, you can join us in one week, notice, so the orientation could be on London headquarters and orientation does the entire 1st day, has a cattle lunch. You will meet with your other consultant and training peers. Direct managers, trainers, HR department, and laptops will be provided on. Uh, signing them deployment agreement. Okay? Okay. Right, so the contract, do you email it to me or does that have to be done in person? It will be done in person, so I mean, 1st of all, we will send you the sub copy of your offer letter. In which you have to sign in electronically, but when you arrive for orientation, then you have to sign with active signature as well. Okay. And the last thing is the dogma, I just wanted to make sure you have all the documents with you. So we need proof of current address. A copy of your passport. Uh, your passport should be varied for at least 6 months from the day of phone 14. Do you have copy of all academic and certificates? Yes, transcripts, YouTube. Okay, and the main thing is the credit score, because most of our clients are from banking sector, so many people with credit score. So they know you were, um, Credit score. Um, hmm. One second. I can check for my online banking. I know it's particular last time I check. So once. Take is taking his time. It's good to school. I'm just gonna sit right. And you were on ILR right? Yes. Check my go to school one sec. Just loading. 617. Okay, and do you have any before? Like, do you have any outstanding? No, nothing, right? It's okay. Well, apart from my credit card, I think I was like 100% on that or something. Boy, yeah. Oh, it's okay. All righty. Okay, so there's all from my side. Any questions, any concerns, let me know. Um, for now, I think I've asked someone to question I wanted to ask, but I think I may have more later. Is it okay if I email you? Yeah, for sure. You can reach out to me through email or. Do you have my number as what you can call me anytime. So, um, are you interested so I can schedule your technical wrong? Yeah, I am very, I'm interested. See. Okay, introduce. Sorry about today? Sorry, question I was gonna ask is, what's the next phase? What's the whole phase of from? So they were like 2 rounds left. Okay, 2 round left. Okay. So the next one would be the technical wrong, with one of our SME will assess your skills again. over the call, over the teams meeting. And if you pass that test, then we will have another round, which is pre-recorded, you need to be, okay? So the things we discussed today, um, There are a question like, do you know the marketing phase? Do you know this is the 2 year contact? If you leave the company before 2 years, there's a penalty amount. These kind of things. So, I mean, the main phase would be the next one, which is technical wrong. If you pass this said, then, I mean, we will have be happy to on boarding. Technic around, is there like an hour? 20 minutes? No, it tastes like 15 to, I would say, like 20 to 25 minutes. Okay, so let's just say 10 minutes. Okay. And then the 3rd round is a similar amount of time or is it longer? Oh, uh, the 3rd one, like the prerequire one? It takes like 10 minutes of your time. We just have to answer each question for like one minute and they're all like 10 questions. So it takes like 10 minutes of return, that's all. All right. Uh. #, oh the next thing I was gonna ask was your slide is that okay if I can get #ah? A summary of each of the stages? No, so each other stages in terms of. So I, I completely understand the training part, the marketing, I believe I understand the marketing. Well, I guess that's the only 2 things I need to understand pretty much. So, marketing and? Um, is there any other stages apart from marketing? So no, the next... Yes. Then marketing. The marketing and the last one is the project phase. Thank you. I'm pretty much. Put your face. Thank you. Yeah, I can give you the review, like, you'll, I mean, you can start with a paid 6 to 8 weeks of concept training, read via technical subject matter experts. And training will be paid. And after that, there's a marketing phase, so during and after training, our team will create and manage your marketing profile to secure strong client interviews. And you will be assigned a placement specialist who handles marketing, interview scheduling, and coordination. So this is included as part of the programme. And after that, there's a project phase, one place on applying project, so you will be working 40 hours per week. Uh based on approved uh timesheet. And project pay will be as per as your offer letter. It could be outside, um, it could be removed, it could be hybrid, it could be in London, outside of London. totally depend. Right, get it. Thank you. Thank you. I answered all my questions. Okay, so if you are in, I mean, available, I can schedule your technique around today. Uh, one sec. Let me just look on my calendar. Sure, take it on. Mm, could it be tomorrow? I have a few more meetings today and one I need to prep for. So, tomorrow... Not today's, no, it's... Okay, I can schedule your interview tomorrow. So, I mean, I, do you mean, is there any available slots for tomorrow or you can available it anytime tomorrow? 0 one second. I'm gonna meet in it. 930. Or anything after 2 o'clock, I'm free. After 12 o'clock, okay? Okay, so, okay, so let me just go ahead and check their availability for tomorrow. Okay. And then I'll schedule you an interview. So make sure to push up your skills like, I mean, you have a previous experience in data science, right? Yeah. Or just, uh, we call like tennis and stores, workflows, python and sequel coding challenges. They're probably gonna give you some coding settings related to sequel and python. Uh, knowledge in buy tools, like power PI, um, DS has concepts such as that are processing, basic machine learning, uh, concepts, that analysis, uh, theoretical awareness of protest science domain and common technologies. So, okay, so let me just go ahead and talk to my technical team if they're available after 2 PM, then I'll give you a call when I'm scheduling your ticket now. All right? All right. Thank you so much. Let me know if you need anything. Bye. Bye. Take care.
