Transcript 3: prima

Are you? I'm just thank you and yourself? Yes, I'm in fine, Scott, thank you very much for your time and your interests here at Prima, the message that we have as a support engineering, we like them. And well, what I think that I'd like to do at the beginning is understand what did you decide to apply for this opportunity and also what are you expecting? Um, so I #ah recently I got MIT redundant and I am just looking for. Opportunities in which I can use my skills. And I came across Prima, and one of the things I've noticed was the core value that Prima have. And almost all of it, not even almost all of it, all of the cold valleys kind of resonate with me, because one of the ones that I really love is the fact that you embrace failure. The way I see it is, feel early, then fast and adapt. It makes it easy so that you don't then repeat that same mistake again in the future. And prima have that environment where I can actually excel at doing that. And not just that, it's like making things happen simplifying complexity. And also having an environment where you can grow because ultimately I would like to become an expert in what I do. I knew to do that, I need to be exposed to different environment, places where Filio is allowed, you have teams that will support you, you will learn from them, you can teach them what you know, and I feel like all of these things prima pretty much offers. Definitely. So, in that case, there is like a lot of wrong for growing, and also, as you mention, like, we learn also from our failure. So it's a good way also to do that, but yeah. Okay, so I'm going to tell you a bit more about Prima, about what are we looking and then I could like understand better about your experience and what you think that you could be a good fit. But yeah, so Prima, we are an inserted company, so that means that we are a technology company that we sell insurance policy online with develop everything in house with the most innovative technologies, and also have to say that in our big platform that we offer this transparency online, the way that we work are, sorry, the way that we are debated are per business domain. So that's mean like different areas of our platform. And this specific is going to be inside of the much learning Praton domain. So that's the one that there are all the mats in learning, that was, I am this, and et cetera, but the role itself, what they're going to do is to actually contribute to every phase of development life cycle, decoding, ravine, testing, and deployment. So in that case, I wanted to understand if you can give me a summary about your experience. Why do you think that you could be a good fit? Um, so my experience, um, well, I started quite no conventional way because I didn't have like formal education and stuff. So then we did coding, um, sky getting the tech, which encouraged women to get into technology, which is where I started. And then I learned all the fundamentals about HTML, how HTP protocol works, and then I wanted to do another bookcamp called Code Your Future, where then about react, node, um, CICD pipeline, and then I then went further to do an undergrad for in software engineering. And also when then once I finish, I went into the industry. I work for a company called Jisk, where I pretty much build mobile apps and get introduced to AWS, Terraform, Doca, and being able to have implement all the things I learned in Uni in there, and I took a year out to do a master's in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Which is which is the field I would like to pretty much branch into going forward. And have a solid background in software engineering. Now it's beating on top of that. So in my current row, I just, I, I do walk with, um, LLMs. So one of the things I did do since I joined was, one was build a chapot, and the other one was to coast, um, a private LLM on AWS. Okay, and also about your experience with with Python. If you can tell me because you were mentioned about geese, but the grand experience that I have is in team technologies. So I don't know if you're speaking. Oh yeah, yeah. So in outcome technology, the predominant predominant language I use is Python. So it's like, I've been written Python since I started my putting my undergrad, my master's, I didn't use any of it in disc, but at outcome, it's pretty much what I use on a daily basis. Okay, but you are really working in, in this compass me, because you told me that you were redundant. Yes, so I met with Dundan, and my last day is uh, the beginning of next month. Um, is it a startup company and you are struggling financially with money. It was more of like, it doesn't doesn't mean that we don't want you. It's just like we can't afford to pay you. Okay, okay. I mean, if you can tell me, because this is the, in this last 2 years, to be working mainly with spice. Yeah, because we walk with MOD and duty. So MOD is mutual defence and DOD is Department of Defence in America. So on some of the things we do do are like highly sensitive, but the part that I can't tell you about it is building a private LLMs. And also. Being a chat boat. And with that, so I have to figure out how to. Contain arise some of the projects. And also when you want to interact with the LLM, because one of the problem with no more LLMs is any information you give it stays in whoever hosts the LLM itself, i.e. ChatGPT. If we send information with it, They have a copy of that information. To make it private, we have to find a way to host our own, and one of the solutions I came up with was to host it on AWS. And I give it a white listed IP address to say anyone that want to interrupt with is LLM must come from this particular IP. And then you can interact information, and one of the things I did work on was that a sharing agreement, which can be in unstructured format. And you want to give it an unstructured information and it gives you a structured, uh, data back in return. Okay, and I also wanted to understand what are your responsibilities as a software engineering? So, um, also my possibility is mainly on artificial intelligence. How we incorporate it into the business. And one of the main things I did do is interpreting information, so you give it loose of data. And it, it, and the data you give it is mainly unstructured, i.e. a PDF format data, and then you want to convert into something you can put in a database, like uh, uh, dynamo DB, for example. and be able to come back. I wanted to ask you, like, do you have contact with a steakholder from the business to understand what is the requirement that you have to do? Yes, so I walk closely with our marketing manager, my line manager, the dev team, that the front 10 team and also with our product owner. So ideally, they'll come with a product to say #oh we want you to build an interface where you're just gonna upload a file and be able to see it. So in that case, I wanted to understand imagine that they told you they need that interface, so I wanted to understand if you can give me like a workflow that you follow from the sign to the deployment. What are the different steps that you are following? So the 1st thing is to understand exactly what I want. And then begin with the man, uh, with the end of mind. So you figure out, okay, what is the problem? Once you understand what the problem is, break them down into task because we also need to have, uh, what do you call it? a documentation. Of what is been going on and then right to use a story once you have a user story then we start with the infrastructure. Would you want to host it? Which uh tech stack is best suited to solve the problem. Is it going to be when PHP, is it going to be Java? Is it gonna be Python? In our case, pattern seems to fit the most of the bill. And what do you want to allstate? Do you want to use AWS? Do you want to do azure, or do you want to put it in Google Cloud, for example? And then once we forget about the next parties, then we start going into how we design the system. Then we go into test different development. So we start with a test first. Once we have the requirement, we're breaking it down into different components, understand what the minimum viable product is gonna be, and start with that, and then start coding, and deploy it, and keep iterating over and over again until, um, and then we demorate, and then the customer says, oh, can you change this functionality? Can you add this to it? And then we go through that iteration. Okay, okay, and also now that you're looking for a new company, what do you value the most in a company culture? Um, the ability to be able to learn and also the challenge on a regular basis. So, because I am a continuous learner. I always want WT to always learn. All the time and also given a project and something tangible to do on a regular basis. Ideally, I would like to work in The ML team. And and I think this also fit into that because that's where I would like to go B ultimately. Okay, okay. And also in terms of, uh, you are looking for a full remote opportunity that you are in lead. Um, I'm looking for both. It could be hybrid or it could be fully remote. I open to doing both. Okay, so, and also that, you mentioned that you are going to be redundant. So when would you be able to join? I should be able to join the beginning of April, the 1st day. Okay, okay. And also in term of salary, what have you expected? Uh, it's around 4050? I'm open to negotiation. Okay, okay. So in that case, it wouldn't be any problem at all. Okay, perfect. So I just have all the information that I needed. So what I can't say, if we continue in the selection process is going to be too more intonious, one of them is going to be a per rummy, where you have to develop with Python and a 2nd interview, it's going to be a putural fit with 2 engineer man, yeah. So I don't know if you have any question or anything before we finish. So, the 1st one is per programming. What did you say the 2nd one was? Okay, cultural fit, engineering manager. Yeah, awesome #um #oh one question for you. What do you love most about working at Prima? Well, so, to be honest, it's, like, people are very easy going, like also, like, they like to serve the knowledge and everything, and also, of course, like, the flexibility that Prima offers. So it's very important for me for like the work deli balance. So I would say that. Okay. Other question, do I'm not sure if you are privy to this one, but I guess I might ask what are the current challenges that the teams are facing? Yeah, if we continue, spend about you, that question in the next step, because to be honest, I'm not a software engineering. I am not inside of that team. Fair enough. Okay. And so you've already, I think you've already answered my 2nd question, which is to understand the whole uh, recruitment process. So I've gone to the 1st and then I've spoken to you. Should I get through to the next one? I'm guessing it's gonna be like a pet programming one. Yeah. Okay, and then the moon after that is cultural with the engineering team. Got it. It's Saturday. Yeah. So one more and I think you might know this one. Not sure. I have to ask you 1st. What excites you most about web primer is adding in the next year? Uh, well, so what we are doing right now is settling down because right now we opening the UK and Spain. So in Italian market, we are very well known. So right now we are settling down in this country and 2 people still get to know us and to buy a more policy. So I would say that. Okay. Okay, awesome. I think that's most of a question that I think you might have answered too. The other word is more like engineering kind of question. So I wouldn't ask that. I will sit there for later. Thank you. So, I will discuss with Harry Man, everything that we discussed today, and if we continue or not, I will give you some feedback, okay? Definitely. Thank you. It was nice to meet you. Have a lovely day. Bye bye. Bye.
