Transcript 2: Fanduel

Yeah very good. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for joining today. It's going to be more of a casual conversation, just a bit more about our company and our opportunities. Obviously quite keen to learn a bit more about yourself. Um, they don't have 5 to 10 minutes, real questions. And now you should don't mind, I'll probably start from the company and what we do. That's okay. Yes, that's fine. Thank you. So we were a sports tech entertainment company. Uh, we are known as an American company and all our products are for the UK, for the US story. However, Fangel was founded in the UK, and at the moment we are investing a lot in our UK teams, and we're trying to do this also to boost our brand awareness. In terms of our products, we've got quite a few. I'd say that our core product is sports book, which is number one in the US, but we also have various games and applications like fun drill TV, horse races, batting, and others. They are quite big products. So we've got around 1000000 active users just now and overall 17000000 users. So the scale is quite big and um, The opportunities that we have available just now are for sports book team. And what consume does, it's a beckon team that works on personalised betting experiences. They basically develop a system that learns user preferences. There'll be a lot of experimentation on that. So you'd be playing a lot less, who are user's favourite players, who are their favourite games, whether they're betting patterns. So it's quite interesting and in terms of tech, tech, it's Java and Kosling, mainly Kosling. Um, but also there will be a lot of uh, collaboration with prontent teams and also data, that there will be an an element of data modelling. I'm noticing you work with Bison, which is actually a big plus. We do really put this in a job description. Uh, but there will be an element of working with data and uh, working with Spiton as well. Um, But also there be collaboration with product teams. So, yeah, they're quite quite a lot of cross-functional collaboration you'd be able to learn from other kings. Um, specifically with Frontel, because actually our long-term plan is to go full stack in the future. It's not going to happen tomorrow, just to be clear, since a backhend roll. Have a very, if that sounds in you're interested in, in the future, there'll be an opportunity to learn a bit more front tent and go full stack. So, um, the reason why we have this opportunity is because we have quite a strong senior team in Leeds, and they are looking to mentor someone and to give an opportunity, uh, for someone to grow inside the company. So instead of bringing a senior developer, we decided to write this and bring it into slightly best experienced developers who are very eager to learn. Um, they have very similar roles, they have 2 at the moment, as I said. Um, The only difference that from level 3, so we have level 2 and level 3, from level 2, we would expect a bit more ownership and a bit more commercial experience. But once again, when it comes to both roles, they learn an opportunity, so we don't really live for people to, you know, deliver performance immediately and meet the lines, but to learn um, and to grow inside. So, yes, I know there's quite a lot of information. If you have any questions when it comes to this, feel free to, you know, just ask me a question. I'll try my best to answer. But how does it sound for you overall when it comes? Sounds amazing. The question I was going to ask is, so I know this is a backend row and I'm familiar with Cutland and Java and mobile appons as well. So, the teams itself, do you have like mobile team, mobile development team? Yeah, so sports book is a really, really big product. And we have different teams. It can be like 2 mobile teams and they'll be having the same tech tech, working on the same product, but different aspects of the product. Yeah, it does. So, yeah, so this is back in team and they are working on personalised betting experiences. But we also have other teams that can work on acquisition, on foundational engineering. So it's quite big, but the focus of this team is to learn user preferences and develop an iterate, uh based on user preferences, uh, and improve their experiences based on these. quite an interesting piece of work, but obviously there'll be collaboration with other teams as well. Yeah, that's amazing. And the fact that it's for you to learn about user preferences, you need quite a few data and then you can pick up the date patterns in the data that the user actually uses. And not just that, because you can do that in real time, as a user is using the system, you can gather all the information, use some form of embedding, and then you can do within bedding, you can then do some form of search to say, give me the top 5 things that this user like the most. And then you can use that to personalise and give what the user would see at any particular point in time. And depending on what they interact with the most, you can then have like a ranking system to say, okay, 1st might get them 5, they seem to like the top three. So next time, get on the top three. Or maybe you can also give us some... Exactly. Yeah. I'm obviously not a technical person, but that sounds exactly what they do. So, yeah. And it's quite interesting. And, you know, the fact that there's bit of beck and, bit of, front and, bit of data, it's all quite interesting. But yes, so what is your experience then with Java or posting? So, um, well, my 1st exposure to Javan Cutling was during my undergrad studies and also doing my master studies. So in my undergrad, we did quite, I did quite a lot, pretending my 1st year, my 2nd year. So that was where I really learnt it and to the point where I was privileged to teach 1st year and 2nd year student. And fundamental of programming, algorithm, how to use Java, and also I beat a mobile app for charity organisation. It was a simple app, and it was like in 2001-ish, and the app is pretty much a questionnaire for users to interrupt with a charity so that they can understand how the service are being used and what they can do to improve. That was my 1st one. So in terms of currently, my detective, I'm using is mainly Python, but I'm using of that oriented programming. And also API design, restful AP and all of that and all of these skills are definitely transferrable. To Java and Cutling and I also started uh pick up um. New Java spring boot in Linkdon. Just to like get up to scratch because I haven't programmed in Japanese, but maybe a year and a half ish, just to like bring the, um, my skill back up to speed again to be able to use it. Cool, okay. So what is your commercial experience? I understand that you mainly working with Spyton, but be quick in to understand what kind of product or project, what kind of company is that, if you could give me more details on that. Okay, so my, I have, I've worked for 3 companies in the past, so outcome, which I'm going to work with, Jisk and Sky Digital. So with outcome, which is the current one on working with is mainly AI and walking with open source LLMs. So, um, and it's usually just interrupting with users where currently I build a system where a user can. You can chat with your PDF file in this instance, like data sharing agreement. and be able to like ask questions and then you need to answer the question and not just that, it's a given highlight on the page itself to say, given the question, you ask and I answered it, this is where I got the answer from, like page 2 is where I got the answer from all page 10 is what I said, I got the answer for because LLM can be, was word, can Alice miss sometimes? Well, that kind of ground it. And and I also walk with like AWS and stuff, I walk across the whole stack, so the back end, the front end, and it runs some develop in between. As well. And prior to that, I also walk with disc. So how come it's a defence company? So we work with the government, the DOD and the MOD. But with disk is kind of slightly different because it was purely education sector. So we provide IT infrastructure for like universities, government and I education. And what we did with that was to do it different. Well, the project I walked on before I left was dealing with different sources from different universities so you have lots of. Metadata and each university have different way of handling it. So it's about finding a unified front or unified front end that you can give them. So when you're talking to each other, you have something that uniquely that everybody can understand. And that was like react, node, a bit of python on the side as well. And what, there was a... A system that I had to maintain, but I didn't build it, just that was in Java. And because I don't have a background, so I was able to maintain part of the system. I see. okay. Uh, perfect. So you mentioned that you feel like Titan and Java are, you know, quite transferrable skills. So our test task in on Java and it's like a live coding task. How do you feel about that? Do you feel like you'd be able to do so or would you need like some? I would definitely be able to write in Java. So that's why I've been doing like code. It's cutter and Cold War, so where you get like coding challenges. And then I've been forcing myself to use Java only, don't do Python, just to bring back. like, 0 yeah, that's how you do it in Python, but not Python. It's not a Java here. Beggin with the back. I've been practising with that so that when the time comes, it'll be very easy for me to like write in Java. Cool, okay, that sounds good then. Uh, fun. And um, in terms of like an end user and a customer. So when you work on a backend system specifically, how can you think about the customer or the end user? So, for me, in most instances, I always look at the user journey, or put myself in the shoe of the user. I say, if I'm the user, I'm trying to use the system, what would I like to see? If I want, I want you to be intuitive, everything that click on needs to be easily recognisable, do what it is I want to do. So and then go and then walk backwards from there. And said, if I'm building this and this is what the user needs, What does my API need to have? So the one back when the front end calls it, he has all the information that he needs in the right format that he needs it to be displayed. Mm-hmm. Okay, sounds cool. And, um, in general, how do you prioritise your work when they're like multiple competing requests or competing tasks? Well, I have the system where I tend to put things in parity. Sometimes you have a lot of things and some of them might be noise and some of them might be important. So you're trying to figure out which one is a critical one and then put it in that particular diet, which one is critical and important, do that 1st and then which one in terms of tem scale, which one needs to be delivered 1st or the other, and then put that next, and then do that in systematic other. And because now we have the opportunity to use AI. You can also help me move things faster than I would have usually done before, but I use without using the AI to like fast track my process and making sure that I am delivering as quickly as I possibly can. Cool, perfect. Yes, um, we obviously, I think we use Jera for, like, we also have an access to Trello and we encourage AI as well. So I'm sure that will be problem with this. But this is like a from a process perspective, but I mean, um, like based on what do you prioritise? So you mentioned, what is critical then like, what is more urgent? So how do you decide like what is critical? What is important? What is less important? If you have an example, if that's easier, because I know it's quite hard to just, when you're off of guard, just answer this question, but like, normally what is great to go? Well, sometimes it based on requirement and I'll give you an example. So we had a demo that we had to deliver to the MOD and it was with the PDF chatting with the PDF, but that I talked to you about before. And because the information we deal with is sensitive. We can't really use no more airlines. You can use it, but it has to be a private one in which you use the LLM. So because we are the demo and also we have like ticket in which we have to deliver for the end of the sprint. But the demo has more priority because we are open to get a contact with the MOD. So, I know, yes, I have to finish before the sprint, but this one take more precedent. So I have to pretty much just drop this print requirement to meet that and just get the demo thing ready and ready to go. And once I finish, I'm gonna finish the demo, I went back and pick up the next part. Okay, thank you. Cool. And the big chunk of this role is learning because that's the whole point why we have these roles. And so I am quite keen to understanding your approach to learning, like when you learn something complex, what helps you most? Uh. Doing. Help me more than anything. So then apply, then apply and do it iteratively. I can learn everything in won't go. In most cases, just learn what I need at that point in time. Apply it, if I need more, go back and eat it, we do that. That's what I'm gonna do. Yeah, no, I feel like for most of people being hands-on, same for me. Um, I, I learned as I go that helps best for me. And what is good about this role, that there would be a lot of experimentation. So you'd be able to try, go back, try again, go back, and I have a principle of fail fast and then quickly. The quicker you feel, the more you get to learn quicker and you don't make that mistake as you go along because you've already made it now. So in the future, you have to be great. Yeah, yeah. But good news, there will be someone who will be able to give a hand and give an advice, which is quite good. It is quite supportive. I find Joel, but at the same time, everyone's very autonomous and independent. You're trusted, trusted, trying to things, trusted with your time management. I feel like everyone, especially with a Dev's team, are comfortable to speak up when they feel something could have been done differently. There are any other 2 that would work better. So yeah, it's a great environment. It's very fast paced, but at the same time, there'll be a manager who'll be able to support. Also, we have a team member who is looking to grow into management positions. So there'll be a lot of mentorship coming from their side. It's a great balance, I would say. Cool. Okay. And um, so you mentioned that you've been like practising with Java just to keep your knowledge up to date. But is there anything that you've learned recently outside of your day-to-day responsibilities that you may be able to share? Well, the only project I am working on, well, is it personal one? And that has to do with a minstrel cycle. So because in the past, I have PMS really badly and I didn't understand what was going on in my body. what was happening. And during a bit of research and reading about it, I found out I can actually gather data. And I like 2 different phases in my period. The fully cloface and the lucio face and each face has different things because, you know, sometimes you feel like energised, socialised, you want to go out and other times you just want to stay at home, wear jockeys and heat ice cream. So I had this app that's connected to my watch. which tracked my cycle and gather all the data and every day I really look at, this is how I feel today or what's going on with me and then put it there. So I kind of did it for like, oh, about a year and a half . So the project I'm trying to work on is try to find to build an interface where I can have all of this in a, Like a visual representation. What's going on within each face. To say, during this time, okay, around maybe around day 21, for example, I've noticed that's from alert, that's when my mood started to dip the most. So to give me some form of alert system, for vision, not wording wear. So that's something I'm kind of like, my side pet project, and I'm gonna work it out. Oh, that's really cool. I feel you, obviously. I use, I think it's floor, the name of Apple. So sometimes they like, I'm in a bad mood and I'm like, or annoyed, and then I get some kind of notification from them. Oh, you might feel a bit, you know, outside. Ah, yeah, this is what it is. So that makes sense. No, that's a really cool bad project. Amazing. I feel there are not that many apps, to be honest, but it comes to these. Actually, there's so much to learn about this. Maybe that will be an idea, but they're actually like a diet that suggests what you should eat in like different phase of your cycle. So maybe you should have the same project. Definitely, yeah. will. Cool. Okay, that sounds good. And um, so when it comes to your current role, are you still um, working or are you between jobs? What the current situation? Oh, currently, well, I was under, there was given, well, it was the whole company. wasn't just me, so I didn't have to take it personally. We all being made redundant. I'm sorry to hear that. We couldn't get setting contract on time, and we might get them, but just like, we run out of money. And I was like, we can't really afford to pay you. That kind of thing, which is why I'm kind of looking. Yeah, I'm sorry to hear about that. Obviously so many businesses are going through this. At the moment, not only small businesses, but also big businesses. Um, uh, but yeah, what is your availability then to start in your role? Are you in a garden and leave or what? Um, um, I put yourself from anytime from April because that's when I finish my current one. From April. So that's very, yeah, very soon, since 3 weeks. Can you legally start like earlier? Yes, I can, yeah. Cool. It's just checking because obviously we have 2 more in 2 stages and then background checks. It takes some time, but you know, just to double check better. Cool, okay. And in terms of your salary expectations, what kind of range are you currently considering? Um, because it's a junior row. I was thinking, oh, anything between 35 and 45. Well, that's within our budget, and it's even slightly higher, our budget, that won't be any problem with that at all. Um, And in terms of your location, where are you based at the moment? I'm based in Leeds. Cool. So you're local, but so we have, um, we don't have an official leads, uh, fungal office in leads. We are a part of a flatter entertainment. I'm not sure if you heard about butter. Cool. So I find your team in Leeds, share an office with father. Okay. So that's why you can try fun Joliet's office. You won't find it because it's flutter. So our our main offices would be Edinburgh, New York, Atlanta, Porto, but we also have other teams in other locations sharing offices with other businesses like Elise, in London, same situation. We are quite a big company with 30,000 people company, and there are also other sites of the business. So it's quite massive, but yeah, leads. They go once or twice to the office. is quite flexible. I wish I could tell you more about life officially, but I'm in Edinburgh office. Here, amazing. It's so, so, and so flexible at the same time. We have immense monthly tops, we have external speakers here. It's really good. I'm sure it's also really good in Leeds, but the team will be able to tell you more about that. But yeah, how do you feel about travel? Would you be able to compute once or twice a week? Yeah definitely. Easy to do. I like settling everywhere, so get into town. Perfect. Cool. And what is your right to work in the UK? So I, I have a, what do you call it now? Live to remain. Is it indefinite leave to remain or is it leave to remain? Indefinitely true. Because there are differences actually. I have lived to remain. Yes, so it's not like for forever, it has an end date and it can be extended. And indefinitely to remain. It doesn't have to be extended. No, I think mine needs to be extended. Where is it? Where is that card gone? Sorry, I always keep checking and like, okay. I think I only have one more renewal and I don't have to worry about it after that. But yeah. Yeah, if you could double check and let me know, because in case we need sponsorship, uh, right now, I don't know if you'll be able to. No, I don't need sponsorship. Don't worry about that. But yeah, if you could come back to me anyway, I don't need any proof, just to be clear. Yeah, document, just in writing, what is this? 2nd petition in our system and then HR will be dealing with that. Yeah, yeah. Because there's so many types of visas and they're all, it's surprising how much different. I thought that only just one type. I didn't know there was like a different type. Yeah, there's so many. I, cool, okay. And um, yeah, I feel like we too much covered all my questions and it's time for your questions. Is there anything I can answer just now? I think you've pretty much answered most of what I was thinking about. But one thing I would do ask is. Out of the team major success for junior in the 1st 6 months. So, from the performance, uh, perspective, I think better either, like a technical manager will let you know because I'm not obviously in their team. Okay, gotcha. But I can tell you for sure from the challenge perspective that the successful person will be a proactive person, someone who is not afraid trying to things, someone who is learning, actively asking questions. Um, I think, you know, that's pretty much like a, Like a secret, like a secret key from pretty much any role, especially within junior. I said, we're obviously, you know, it's not like an entry entry level role. We're looking for someone who has some experience, but we are looking for people to learn and to be proactive, to contribute actively. But when it comes to like actual, like, I don't know, KPI or however they measure in the technical team, your success that the manager will be able to tell you better. Right now. So what do you enjoy most personally about working at front door? Yes, so I think because um, you know, our culture, like, as I said, everyone's very comfortable to speak up. everyone comfortable and trusted to trying to singe. I feel like if you like have a crazy idea and you come to find Joe and then you tell them, I want to do this, they will make this happen. So that's what I that's what I like about fun, Jolene. Yeah. You know, from one side, it's so regulated. It's a big company, uh, we have so many policies, so like magic compliance, but from the other side, it's so fast-paced and so open to new things. So modern. So, yeah, definitely that's my favourite thing about funjo. Oh, nice. Okay, thank you. I think you've already covered all the other questions from previous conversation. So there's no point in asking them again. Oh, yes. So in terms of our next steps, the next interview is a competency-based interview. It has, like, behavioural questions that last an hour with our technical team. And then an actual technical interview, which will last probably an hour and 15 minutes. So we have a Tascun Java, as I mentioned. It's a live coding session, like a pairing session. It's not as scary as sounds. It's more about, um, How you think, what is your logic? How do you solve problems? Leave this with me. I will speak to the hiring manager, uh, because they originally were looking at bit more, uh, commercial experience, actually, with Java Opals. But Python is a big plus and you're familiar with that, but I would need to double check with them before moving forward so we don't waste anyone's time. Um, in the meantime, if you could come back to me with your right to work and uh, when is your next extension and how does it work? Just in writing. I don't need any documents once again. But do you have any other interviews at the moment? Is there anything I can take you off the market? Uh, they each 2 but I, they haven't given me an interview yet. It's just doing the process and that was with Lois Bank and Itachi, I think. All right, cool no worries. Fab. um Yes, I feel like pretty much covered everything. There are definitely some questions I forgot to ask, but we're running out of time and yes, if we have an opportunity to chat again, I will ask them. In the meantime, once again, anything else, feel free to drop me a message. But it was really nice to meet you. Thank you so much for doing me too. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye. Bye, bye, bye.
